update docs regarding pytest-xdist incompatibilities (#29278)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/setup/python.md

### Parallelization

Plugins that introduce parallelization to `pytest` (such as [`pytest-xdist`][1] or [`pytest-forked`][2]) create one session event for each parallelized instance.

> We've seen different issues when these plugins are used together with our plugin, for example: session/module or suite may pass while containing individual test failures, or viceversa, all the tests may pass and the suite/session/module fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've observed various issues when these plugins are used together with `ddtrace`. For example, a session, module or suite may pass even when individual tests fail, or vice-versa, all the tests may pass and the suite/session/module fail. This is due to the fact that these plugins create worker subprocesses that do not share memory with the main process, and spans created in the parent process do not reflect the results of execution in the child processes. For this reason, **we do not recommend using `pytest-xdist` and `pytest-forked` with `ddtrace` at the moment.**
```

Reviewer: I don't know if we need to describe this in so much detail, but I do think we need to be more clear about the fact that xdist is currently not supported.

> Each worker reports test results to Datadog independently, so tests from the same module run in different processes generate separate module or suite events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each worker reports test results to Datadog independently, so tests from the same module running in different processes generate separate module or suite events.
```
